>> Bianca Gandolfo: We were given
the task of taking the weapons list and
breaking them off using map.
So first things first,
let's just bring up map.
How do we do that?
The first thing that it's
expecting is a list, and
the second thing is a callback function.
>> Speaker 2: Weapons.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep, weapons, and
then what's the callback function?
>> Speaker 2: Function-
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, the
makeBroken one.
So what is this gonna return?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What if I
did this?
>> Speaker 2: An array?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: Well, can we do it as array?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Woo-hoo, so
it's an array.
What's gonna be in the array?
How about,
anyone?
We're almost there.
We're almost to the end.
>> Speaker 2: Broken candlestick,
broken leadpipe, and broken revolver.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep.